This is even more complicated.
Are you from receiving what charges substitute Companies
With unreasonable money
I used to rally people who were doing demos in college .
Farthest - dissident activities
As this day design scenario if someone tried to look jangchusam the number Kiya
I know you are here to investigate the relative corruption of Gaga .
Paiji who played a player
If you do not mind, you will also live in the Blue House.
I can do it now.
Power of old
If you do this, you may be surprised at the next election .
If Chashugi collapses right now, it will collapse in a regime that will not be able to control it.
Then ,
Changchun It will be too hard to entrust me.
I think it's better than that .
If you do not fight the island, you'll be better off fighting.
That's it.
But hey ,
I feel dirty
My chest feels frustrated and sore.
I think what my brother is still in the order of about a friend I do not know
Is not it the same as Jang Chol-Hwan in the end ?
I am even angry with my brother.
8 sheds so well broken up sure why this guy so smart
Why are you here?
Oh, I do not know jeungmal
Write drink alcohol in rapid-fire one day drank a cup geunya
And here's the formula.
How do I know that you're a naong
You came to my lady during the day.
It's true that I changed because I got caught by my brother.
Oh yes I jangcheolhwan not suffer
I do not read
Not that I do not see it until another swim after a metal plate screwed Well
What happened
The cold circulation will do what it says.
For now, what you have presented now are we not give the order Ouch
Years ago, this was dying.
In presidential gonna have to listen to the sound of live action then I do haetne per
I do not think there 's any school day.
I do not think so .
U
Son 3
You what have you done
How can you do that ?
How do you tell my father that I am more than you
My father kills what comes in
How can I be treated like this ?
You, Mr.
The power that was gained by reducing to people
I think I can go a lot of honey .
Kasper
Before Changchon Anney
My father is ringing in the courtroom
The pain my father suffered
I'll pay you back at the top 100.
What I'm going to do now
What are you doing?
I have to wait a bit.
Study like a chapter and you
It will end
Yagi
You think you might be doing me a little crazy.
I was not crazy.
That 's the way I picked it because it 's the best for me.
I am still embroidering for you 4
Please ah
Do not be a dildo for me.
If your name sounds like that, I might go crazy when I say it.
I do not know you well, last year
It's a lot bigger than you think .
Then one day take minutes of mourning In the shade
Did I thought it would be very taken what is that
authority
You try to politicize 5
See next week 5
I did not really know you were thinking about it.
That amount
What if my subject scary drinks also smart because watnya've taken care of go 4 ttattat
Ah ah ah
2 small disks for another Come
You have not been able to go under 1,000 won since you've been.
Can not I just give it to you for the beauty of me to go ?
If you're giving me everything I have written here may be different
But it's not what you gave it to.
I can not leak.
Ahhh
woo
cover
U
won
oo ah ah coming're coming back
U
we